Mia (Mirong) Zou
Sunnyvale, CA 94089 ​ | ​ (217) 316-0136 ​ | mirongzou@gmail.com​ ​ | ​ Portfolio: ​www.miazou.com
LinkedIn: ​https://www.linkedin.com/in/miazou/​ ​ | GitHub: ​https://github.com/MiaZou

Summary: ​A self-motivated full-stack developer with a passion for code writing. Previously worked as a
Registered Dietitian which enhanced problem-solving skills similar in software development - effectively break
a big problem into smaller components and aim to fix one piece at a time efficiently. Particularly, enjoy building
pieces with JS and Flutter.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Languages/Frameworks ​: JavaScript, Dart, React, Flutter, Ruby, Rails, SQL, HTML5, CSS
Software Tools: ​Firebase & Google Cloud Platform, Git, Xcode, Android Studio, Bitbucket, Vagrant &
VirtualBox, Heroku, Bootstrap, Axios, AWS, PostgreSQL, Google Maps API, Stripe API, Google Oauth API,
REST API

WORK EXPERIENCE
Mobile Developer Intern at Bargopay LLC, ​Baltimore, MD​ | Remote ​July 2020 - Present
● Implement Firebase Analytics and Crashlytics to track detailed mobile application usages and generate error reports
● Continuously launch new UI features
● Detect, report, and fix issues for the mobile application on both iOS and Android devices

WEB DEVELOPMENT EXPERIENCES
​●Forkify A recipe search application used ​ JavaScript, ​ ​ Webpack, ​and ​ MVC ​pattern includes features such as liking recipes, adding ingredients to shopping lists, and editing shopping lists.
●VideosApp**A youtube similar browser application which allows users to type the search terms on the input box, view the list of results, and click to play in the embedded player. The application focused on ​ React ​ and CSS ​. It integrates ​ axios ​, ​ youtube public free API ​, and ​ semantic ui css library ​.
● Nomster ** ​ A Yelp clone that integrates with the ​ PostgreSQL ​database, the ​ Google Maps API ​, and includes features like user comments, star ratings, image uploading (​ Amazon S3 ​), and user authentication.
● Flixter ​A Udemy clone online lecturing application with features of video uploading (​ Amazon S3 ​), credit card payment capabilities (​ Stripe API ​), database relationships(​ PostgreSQL ​).
● PetsBeSocial ​A group project builds a pet-social-media with posting (with/without image or video), commenting, liking/unliking features and enhanced knowledge of Git ​, ​ PostgreSQL ​, communication and collaborative skills. (MVP)

EDUCATION
UC Berkeley Extension Full Stack Web Development Certificate ​Aug 2019 - Jan 2020
● Full-Stack Coding Boot Camp
University of Wisconsin, Madison - Master’s degree ​ ​Jun 2016 - May 2018
● Master’s degree in Clinical Nutrition
University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign - Bachelor’s degree ​ Aug 2014 - May 2016
● Bachelor’s degree in Food Science and Human Nutrition